Utapau
underground ambush ambushing General
Grievous and his army will be the final
crushing blow to the sea is Achilles joy
bastards
you know it underground ambush for
public intelligence believes general
Grievous's here on Utapau general Kenobi
has gone ahead it by himself to scout
the planet secure a winning area and
link-up Kenobi crush the separatists
once and for all
Oh Kenobi such a bold one references for
the wind in our bones we knew the war
was almost over the galaxy held its
breath waiting to see which side would
make the final daring move as fortune
would have it the Republic move first
after the Chancellor informed the Jedi
Council that General Grievous and the
steppe leaders were hiding on Interpol
general Kenobi gathered an army large
enough to capture three star systems
when the orders reached the 500 first
amber al saw harder for better or worse
this would be the beginning of the end
in a bad way of course because we all
know what really happens there is a
two-story building just a bit southwest
of your position
assault that command post this guy runs
fast doesn't he
lookout point forever okay I'm just a
little cape thing
swoosh keeps whoosh
there he goes and secure the area let's
be hold on is near joint
I even know where the heck - freakin Oh
about to say the freakin of CP was
moving here and they flop around like
that you can't hit him
that's a lot of shit blowing up isn't it
well done now secure hangar ten and
we'll send in a drop him to back you up
yeah players will be one you know
yoinks oh yeah the force feels so good
I feel so frickin good a little bit
by the force general Grievous's
stationed in hangar 10 take him out
before he wiped down our forces yeah
let's go kill him
Mira grievous won't talk to you well
that was hard
yeah finally get to destroy this thing
with a cold ATX energy pillar
htx doesn't like the freaking this is a
conventional some kind that would sell
there though
come on blow up
we jump off the cliff
what is the clone ship Racine to kill
he'll be gone when he kills himself
right with the death of General Grievous
at the hands of general Kenobi
the you to power raid had broken the
back of the separatist under normal
circumstances that would have been a
time for celebration but our next
daughter's put paid to those thoughts oh
man we know what's gonna happen now
it's gonna be sweet
yeah the next missions gonna be awesome
I think it's probably one of my most
favorite ones out of this campaign